1 Demonstration Of Web Browsers: Different components, Checking SSL Certificates, Inspect Elements, Browser Console, view Source etc.
Components of Web Browsers:
1.	Address Bar: Where you enter the URL of the website you want to visit.
2.	Navigation Buttons: Back, Forward, and Refresh buttons to navigate between 	pages and reload content.
3.	Tabs: Allow you to have multiple web pages open simultaneously within the same 	window.
4.	Toolbar: Contains icons for various functions like bookmarks, settings, and 	extensions.
5.	Menu: Access additional browser features and settings. Browser Features:
1.	View Page Source:
o	Right-click on a web page and select "View Page Source" or use keyboard shortcuts (Ctrl+U or Cmd+Option+U on Mac).
o	Shows the HTML code of the webpage.
2.	Inspect Elements:
o	Right-click on an element on the webpage and select "Inspect" or use keyboard shortcuts (Ctrl+Shift+I or Cmd+Option+I on Mac).
o	Opens the browser's developer tools to inspect HTML structure, CSS styles, and modify elements in real-time.
3.	Browser Console:
o	Accessed through the developer tools (usually under the "Console" tab).
o	Displays messages from the webpage and JavaScript errors, allows you to execute JavaScript code.
4.	Checking SSL Certificates:
o	Click on the padlock icon next to the URL in the address bar.
o	Shows details about the website's SSL certificate, including issuer, validity period, and encryption details.
5.	Cookies and Site Data:
o	Manage stored cookies and site data through browser settings.
o	Important for managing login sessions and personalized content.
6.	Extensions and Add-ons:
o	Enhance browser functionality with extensions for ad-blocking, password management, and more.
o	Accessible through the browser's settings or extension store. Examples and Demonstrations:
•	Viewing Page Source: Open any webpage, right-click, and choose "View Page Source" to see the HTML structure.
•	Inspecting Elements: Right-click on an element (like a button or text) on a webpage and select "Inspect" to see its HTML and CSS properties. You can modify these in real-time to see immediate changes.
•	Using Browser Console: Open the console from the developer tools and type JavaScript commands like console.log("Hello, World!") to see output directly in the console.
•	Checking SSL Certificates: Visit a secure website (https://), click on the padlock icon in the address bar, and view certificate details to check its validity and issuer information.



